Support a UBI-only mode in the operator (#3789)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/operating-eck/operator-config.asciidoc

|metrics-port |0 |Prometheus metrics port. Set to 0 to disable the metrics endpoint.
|namespaces |"" |Namespaces in which this operator should manage resources. Accepts multiple comma-separated values. Defaults to all namespaces if empty or unspecified.
|operator-namespace |"" |Namespace the operator runs in. Required.

> |ubi-only | false | All Docker images run by the operator must be based on a UBI image (available as of 7.10.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ubi-only | false | Use only UBI container images to deploy Elastic Stack applications. UBI images are only available from 7.10.0 onward.
```
